I understand master
Thanks for your help
This time, I owe the master another favor.
Just a little effort
Well, I have good news for the master
What's that?
When my men were probing
Found metal activity under your old house
After testing
Found a gold vein under your old house
What gold mine girl
No wonder that old boy Zhao Xueliang
Always thinking about my house
It turned out to be the gold mine girl who missed our family
But even if you know today
We can't do it too badly.
Don't worry.
Now is the time for me to repay Master Ye's favor
Teacher, I'm going to make a plan right away
Without destroying the Ye family's old house
I'll start mining right away
And after that?
I change it to cash at the market price.
Then count it to you in full, what do you think?
Then thank you two bosses
Oops swimming show
You're very welcome.
I'll do it right now
The situation of the young master's night trip has been found out.